docs: Add structure to 12-factor how-to guides (#2197)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/manage-web-app-charms/init-web-app-charms.rst

Reviewer: Any reason for the discrepancy between the singular in the title, the filename, and the ref name?

This is one of the reasons I push for making all three as similar as possible, to limit ambiguity between the three different reference points.

Author: The reason was I was not thinking too hard about consistency :) I can update the filenames and titles to be singular, but I lean toward keeping the ref name the same for link preservation. If that's not a concern for you, then I can go ahead and update the ref names as well.

Reviewer: Agreed – let's leave the ref names as-is.

.. _init-12-factor-charms:

Initialize a 12-factor app charm
================================

Use ``charmcraft init`` and specify the relevant profile:

.. code-block:: bash

  charmcraft init --profile <profile>

Charmcraft automatically creates a ``charmcraft.yaml`` project file, a
``requirements.txt`` file and source code for the charm in your current directory. You
will need to check the project file and ``README.md`` to verify that the charm's name
and description are correct.

    See also: :ref:`ref_commands_init`

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Flask

>         Specify the ``flask-framework`` profile:

Reviewer: We could simplify further by instantiating a generic version of this line before the tab block, and cutting it from the tabs themselves.

Author: I mean, we already have a generic version above with `Use ``charmcraft init`` and specify the relevant profile:`. So it's probably safe to cut out of the tab block, and I have no objections to it.

        .. code-block:: bash

            charmcraft init --profile flask-framework

    .. group-tab:: Django

        Specify the ``django-framework`` profile:

        .. code-block:: bash

            charmcraft init --profile django-framework

    .. group-tab:: FastAPI

        Specify the ``fastapi-framework`` profile:

        .. code-block:: bash

            charmcraft init --profile fastapi-framework

    .. group-tab:: Go

        Specify the ``go-framework`` profile:

        .. code-block:: bash

            charmcraft init --profile go-framework

Prepare an OCI image for a 12-factor app charm
----------------------------------------------

>     See more:
>     :external+rockcraft:doc:`Rockcraft | How to build a 12-factor app rock
>     <how-to/build-a-12-factor-app-rock>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Next, :external+rockcraft:doc:`prepare a rock for your 12-factor app charm
 <how-to/build-a-12-factor-app-rock>` with Rockcraft.
```
